vmauth: return 408 instead of 400 when fail to read request body (#11273)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): preserve newline formatting in alert and rule annotations on the Alerting page. See [#11171](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/11171).
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): hide `Total metric names` stats on [Cardinality Explorer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/#cardinality-explorer) page when user selects a specific metric or label to focus. See [#11154](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11154) for details. Thanks to @lghuy05 for the contribution.
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): keep only one header navigation dropdown (`Explore`, `Tools`) open at a time. Previously, hovering across two dropdowns could briefly leave both open due to the close delay. See [#11224](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/11224). Thanks to @antedotee for contribution.

> * BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): return `408` instead of `400` when request body reading fails. This prevents `vmagent` from incorrectly downgrading the remote write protocol and dropping data when `vmauth` works as the proxy of remote write service. See [#11272](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11272).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): return `408 Request Timeout` instead of `400 Bad Request` when the request body isn`t received within `-maxQueueDuration`. This prevents `vmagent` from incorrectly downgrading the remote write protocol and dropping data when `vmauth` is used as a proxy for a remote write endpoint. See [#11272](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11272).
```
